Add line about leveloffset. (#166)
redhat-documentation/modular-docs: modular-docs-manual/content/topics/module_guidelines-assembly.adoc

[discrete]
== Assembly Modules

To include modules in an assembly, use the Asciidoc  link:http://asciidoctor.org/docs/asciidoc-syntax-quick-reference/#include-files[include directive]. Use any combination of concept, procedure, and reference modules that fulfills the purpose of the assembly. Use the `leveloffset` attribute to set the hierarchy of the module relative to the assembly, as shown in the following example:

.Level offset for module files
----
file1.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
file2.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
file3.adoc[leveloffset=+3]
----

> NOTE: All module and assembly titles must use the H1 heading designation (`=`).

Author: @emmurphy1 , @rkratky , @fbolton , @Preeticp , @mikemckiernan @yzimmerm , This was approved back in May, but we've had some shuffling, a suggestion from Emily which I've now incorporated, and a lot of time since then, so resurfacing once more. If you're all still okay with this addition, please approve and/or comment accordingly and we'll merge from there. So sorry to leave this in the dust. Fell off my radar entirely. Thanks!

Reviewer: I do not feel strongly, but I don't think it needs to be a note.  I know this is minutiae, but I'm also wincing at the parens because the ISG suggests avoiding parens.  Maybe use "...heading designation, `=`."

Author: @mikemckiernan Thanks. I changed to this. That work?

>All module and assembly titles must use the H1 heading designation, such as `= My heading`.

Reviewer: Looks good. Thanks.

[discrete]
== Assembly Modules

> List link:http://asciidoctor.org/docs/asciidoc-syntax-quick-reference/#include-files[include files] to include the required modules. Use any combination of concept, procedure, and reference modules that fulfills the purpose of the assembly. A `leveloffset` can provide a method of introducing hierarchy, such as `module-file.adoc[leveloffset=+2]`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
List link:http://asciidoctor.org/docs/asciidoc-syntax-quick-reference/#include-files[include files] to include the required modules. Use any combination of concept, procedure, and reference modules that fulfills the purpose of the assembly. You can use a `leveloffset` attribute, such as `module-file.adoc[leveloffset=+1]`,  to set the hierarchy of the module relative to the assembly.
```
Reworded this to speak more directly to the writer's needs.

Author: @rolfedh Okay on bullet one. On bullet two, that's kind of the point of this note, to specify that leveloffset of 2 is fine to use when needed. There are many cases when a module is a subchapter after another module, such as a high-level concept module that has relevant proc modules that are related to it. There is a misnomer in the past and maybe still out there that leveloffset of 2 or 3 is forbidden, which isn't true.

> List link:http://asciidoctor.org/docs/asciidoc-syntax-quick-reference/#include-files[include files] to include the required modules. Use any combination of concept, procedure, and reference modules that fulfills the purpose of the assembly. You can use a `leveloffset` attribute, such as `module-file.adoc[leveloffset=+1]` or `module-file.adoc[leveloffset=+2]`, to set the hierarchy of the module relative to the assembly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
List link:http://asciidoctor.org/docs/asciidoc-syntax-quick-reference/#include-files[include files] to include the required modules. Use any combination of concept, procedure, and reference modules that fulfills the purpose of the assembly. You can use a `leveloffset` attribute to set the hierarchy of the module relative to the assembly. In most cases, create modules whose title is an H1 and include those modules by using `[leveloffset=+1]`. Otherwise, if necessary, you can use other leveloffsets values, to promote or demote your module content. 
```
This is one way we could recommend using `[leveloffset=+1]` and make it clear that other offsets are acceptable.

Reviewer 3: +1 to these suggested changes. Still, I'd argue for mandating the use of H1 to start all modules. I see no reason to not use it ever.

Author: @rolfedh @rkratky I pushed a commit with a slightly tweaked version of Rolfe's suggestion, to make the examples clear and to mention specifically that offset of 2 or more is what we're saying is okay. That's the main sticking point that I want to be sure people understand is okay so they're not forcing themselves to create artificial assemblies of just two modules just to avoid a leveloffset of 2, when they think doing so is forbidden or something.

```
You can use a `leveloffset` attribute to set the hierarchy of the module relative to the assembly. In most cases, create modules whose title is an H1 and include those modules by using the format `module-file.adoc[leveloffset=+1]`. Otherwise, if necessary, you can use other `leveloffset` values, such as `module-file.adoc[leveloffset=+2]`, to modify the structure of your module content.
```

> List link:http://asciidoctor.org/docs/asciidoc-syntax-quick-reference/#include-files[include files] to include the required modules. Use any combination of concept, procedure, and reference modules that fulfills the purpose of the assembly. You can use a `leveloffset` attribute to set the hierarchy of the module relative to the assembly. In most cases, create modules whose title is an H1 and include those modules by using the format `module-file.adoc[leveloffset=+1]`. Otherwise, if necessary, you can use other `leveloffset` values, such as `module-file.adoc[leveloffset=+2]`, to modify the structure of your module content.

Reviewer 4: personally I think the mention of H1 here is confusing..  ie it's a separate issue and mentioning it here makes the text more ambiguous.

Reviewer 2: > personally I think the mention of H1 here is confusing.. ie it's a separate issue and mentioning it here makes the text more ambiguous.

I don't think it is separate. It is integral to the notion of using leveloffset attributes. I'll see how I can clear up the ambiguity.

Reviewer 2: Revising now. Please hold off on more comments until I'm done.

Reviewer 2: Actually, I think Stetson's current revision encompasses all our concerns:
- It discourages "bad behavior" such as H-whatever + leveloffset=whatever
- It allows using leveloffset values to demote/promote module content.

Side note: I think we should avoid the term "nesting" in this discussion because that describes including something **within** something else, like [3.2.5. Nesting Assemblies in Assemblies](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/modular-docs/#nesting-assemblies). In that sense, we're not really talking about nesting modules within modules here. Here we're talking about using leveloffset to demote/promote modules relative to other modules in an assembly. Nesting modules within modules is a controversy we don't want to get into.

Reviewer 5: I agree with @pwright . Every module and assembly title must be an H1 so  no need to mention it here. @rkratky you cannot use H2s in procedure modules and the only H1 is the title. You can use H2s in concept and reference modules.

Reviewer 5: Hey folks. I'm sorry, but I find that updating confusing. Please consider this, which I think gets to the heart of the problem:

To include modules in an assembly, use the Asciidoc  link:http://asciidoctor.org/docs/asciidoc-syntax-quick-reference/#include-files[include directive]. Use any combination of concept, procedure, and reference modules that fulfills the purpose of the assembly. Use the`leveloffset` attribute to set the hierarchy of the module relative to the assembly, for example:
[source]
----
file1.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
file2.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
file3.adoc[leveloffset=+3]
----

NOTE: All module and assembly titles must use the H1 heading designator.

Reviewer 5: I have no idea why the text is bolded, but you get the idea.

Author: Agreed with @emmurphy1 and @pwright on this. So @rolfedh and @rkratky , how would you feel about not getting into H1 to avoid the distraction from the point here?

Reviewer 4: thanks @emmurphy1 I prefer your wording

Author: +1 @rolfedh @rkratky You good here?

Reviewer 2: @sterobin All good. I trust your judgement!

Author: @emmurphy1 Done
